Let’s get into the rules for today 

At live prize trivia we have one answer per table,
with no help from cellphones, iPads, or any electronics 
that could help you get an edge in this competition. answers 
are final once you turn them in. 

If you look at our trivia sheet, you will notice 
we have two halves with 3 rounds each. Each round has three categories 
with three different questions. In each round we have three different 
point differentials that you can wager 1, 3, and 5 with each one only 
allowed to be used once.  In the second half, these differentials  are 
increased by 1, meaning you can wager 2, 4, or 6 in that half.

We have a special halftime question and a Final question. 
But I will get to those when we encounter them. There is a 
Daily double! I will announce the daily double when I announce 
the categories of that round and I’ll explain the rules when we 
encounter that. Alright everyone let’s get started. If have been 
playing for a long time and notice I have made a mistake, please 
be eager to let me know and as soon as possible.

For our questions, I like to give song hints. these may be tied to a
lyric in the song, the artist's name
or something related to the content of the question. Some song
hints may be hard, and some may be easy,
It is all dependent on if I can find a good hint for the corresponding
question. okay, let's get started!
            

GAMES[R 1 Q 1]
What do the hippos try to "eat" in the game Hungry, Hungry Hippos?
Marbles
that was great balls of fire by Jerry Lee Lewis

TV[R 1 Q 2]
What actor/actress played twins on the Friends TV series?
Lisa Kudrow
(Phoebe/Ursula)
that is poor unfortunate souls from the lil mermaid songtrack. the sea
witch sings that.

GEOG[R 1 Q 3]
Lake Ontario is bounded on the north and southwest by the province
of Ontario, and on the south and east by what U.S. state?
New York
That is poker face by lady gaga. lady gaga is from new york.

FOOD[R 2 Q 1]
What type of food are wood ear, straw and portobello?
Mushrooms
that is white rabbit. a psychedelic rock song that mentions a different kind
of mushroom: the illegal kind of mushroom.

LOGOS[R 2 Q 2]
A prancing horse on a yellow shield is the emblem/logo of what car
company?
Ferrari
that is thank you, next by ariana grande. shje says "i move on too fast"
I actually wanted to play 679 by fettywap: "I got a glock in my 'rari!"


BIRTHSTNS/ DD[R 2 Q 3]
What is the traditional birthstone for the month of September?
DD: What is the traditional birthstone for the month of March? 
Sapphire/
DD: Aquamarine
that is bejewled by taylor swift. It mentions diamonds and the answer,
sapphire.

MOVIES[R 3 Q 1]
What Game of Thrones alum plays Casca Highbottom in the 2023
prequel to The Hunger Games?
Peter Dinklage
That is Rasberry Beret by Prince. I played that because Prince is "5'2
Peter Dinklage is "4'5. Very small people.

SCIENCE[R 3 Q 2]
What chemical element is represented by the symbol P?
Phosphorus
that is push by matchbox twenty. Matches have red phosphorus, which
ignites and starts the chemical reaction to create fire.

SPORTS[R 3 Q 3]
Of the four NFL teams that have stars on their helmets, which one has
the most?
Tennessee Titans (3)
that is the climb by miley cyrus. miley is from tenessee!

HALF
For the half time question, it is a four part answer, 
I do not give  song hints for this one. Each answer you get right, 
I will grant you 2 points.
Answer with a number whether each of these events happened in the
1960s or 1970s: 1. Boeing 747 makes its first commercial flight
2. Sesame Street debuts on TV 3. Rolling Stone magazine debuts
4. Voting age is lowered to 18.
1. 70s (1970)
2 . 60s (1969)
3 . 60s. (1967)
4. 70s (1971)

CHILD LIT[R 4 Q 1]
In the A. A. Milne book Winnie–the–Pooh what are the names of the
female kangaroo and her young son?
Kanga AND Roo
that is get up and jump by the red hot chili Peppers
They say both names. "kangaroo"

PHYSICS[R 4 Q 2]
What branch of physics and mechanics gets its name from the Latin
word for "how much"?
Quantum
Ah "reality in motion" just like how particles move around until they are observed.

MUSIC[R 4 Q 3]
What rock legend released albums titled Wrecking Ball in 2012 and
High Hopes in 2014?
Bruce Springsteen
That is dancing in the dark by bruce springstien. 

HISTORY[R 5 Q 1]
Against what country did Hitler launch Operation Barbarossa in June
1941?
Soviet Union/USSR
that was a song by vitas, a russian singer

ORGS[R 5 Q 2]
What world renowned organization was founded as a result of a 1935
meeting between Bill Wilson and Dr. Bob Smith?
Alcoholics Anonymous
this is red solo cup. unlike the artist toby keith who fills his red solo
cup with beer, alcoholics fill their red solo cup with sprite.

ADVERT[R 5 Q 3]
What retail chain has used the advertising slogan: Thousands of
possibilities. Get yours?
Best Buy
that was electric feel by mgmt

GOV'T[R 6 Q 1]
Edmund Randolph was the first person to hold what cabinet position
(in George Washington's cabinet)?
Attorney General
That was red light by the strokes. the singer says "get yourself a 
lawyer and a gun"

ANAGRAM[R 6 Q 2]
THEIR CRIPPLED HOPES is an anagram of what well known LA based
rock band?
Red Hot Chili Peppers
that was sgt. peppers lonely heart club band by the beatles.

ANIMALS[R 6 Q 3]
What alliterative term is used to describe a group of wombats?
wisdom
Taylor Swift says "I have this thing where i get older, but never wiser

FINAL
Alright guys it’s time for the final question. Here you can wager 
0 to 15 points it is all or nothing question and what you have to do is 
Put these world capitals in order, northernmost in latitude at the top
of your slip down to southernmost:
 1. Bern 2. Brussels 3. Dublin
4. ParisDublin (53.3 N)

Brussels (50.8N)
Paris (48.8N)
Bern (46.9N)

TIE
Counting only studio albums, live albums and compilation albums,
how many albums has Bruce Springsteen released?
52 (21+23+8)

XTRA
VOCAB
What is the word prom (as in a high school dance) short for?
Promenade