Let’s get into the rules for today
At live prize trivia we have one answer per table,
with no help from cellphones, iPads, or any electronics that 
could help you get an edge in this competition. answers are
final once you turn them in.

If you look at our trivia sheet, you will notice we have two
halves with 3 rounds each . Each round has three 
categories with three different questions. In each round
we have three different point differentials that you
can wager 1, 3, and 5 with each one only allowed to be used once.
In the second half, these differentials
are increased by 1, meaning you can wager 2, 4, or 6 in that half.

We have a special halftime question and a Final question. But I will
get to those when we encounter them. 
There is a Daily double! I will announce the daily double when I announce the
categories of that round and 
I’ll explain the rules when we encounter that. Alright everyone let’s
get started. If have been playing for a 
long time and notice I have made a mistake, please be eager to let me
know and as soon as possible.

For our questions, I like to give song hints. these may be tied to a
lyric in the song, the artist's name
or something related to the content of the question. Some song
hints may be hard, and some may be easy.
It is all dependent on if I can find a good hint for the corresponding
question.
okay, let's get started!

GAMES
TV
GEOG
GAMES
[R 1 Q 1]
What do the hippos try to "eat" in the game Hungry, Hungry Hippos?
Marbles

TV
[R 1 Q 2]
What actor/actress played twins on the Friends TV series?
Lisa Kudrow
(Phoebe/Ursula)

GEOG
HALF TIME QUESTION
For the half time question, it is a four part answer,
I do not give  song hints for this one. Each answer you get
right, I will grant you 2 points.

CHILD LIT
PHYSICS
[R 1 Q 3]
Lake Ontario is bounded on the north and southwest by the province
of Ontario, and on the south and east by what U.S. state?
New York

FOOD
[R 2 Q 1]
What type of food are wood ear, straw and portobello?
Mushrooms

LOGOS
[R 2 Q 2]
